Add info for kOps 1.22-1.24 on audit logging path changes (#15941)
kubernetes/kops: docs/cluster_spec.md

**Note**: The auditPolicyFile is needed. If the flag is omitted, no events are logged.

> **Note2**: For kOps 1.22-1.24 please mind the [change in paths](https://github.com/kubernetes/kops/blob/master/docs/releases/1.22-NOTES.md#control-plane-pods-no-longer-mount-srvkubernetes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: For kOps 1.22-1.24 please use `auditPolicyFile: /srv/kubernetes/kube-apiserver/audit/policy-config.yaml` due to [change in mounted paths](https://github.com/kubernetes/kops/blob/master/docs/releases/1.22-NOTES.md#control-plane-pods-no-longer-mount-srvkubernetes).
```
